JSP Standard Tag Library (JSTL)
Release: Early Access 2 (EA2)

Thanks for downloading the JSTL EA2 release.  We hope you find the tags,
documents, and examples here of interest.  We're curious to hear your
feedback on this release, which represents work in progress toward a
standard JSP Tag Library.  Please contact us at

	mailto:jsr052-comments@sun.com

with any comments you might have.

Included in this distibution:

    DOCUMENTATION ('doc/web' directory)

	GettingStarted.html:  A quick roadmap to help you get started
	    with this release.

	Overview.html:  An overview of JSTL's design philosophy and
	    current syntax.

	Functional descriptions:  Technical guides representing the
	    design considerations and functionality of JSTL's tag set.
	    Note that these are not formal specifications, just technical
	    overviews of functionality and intent.

	Release notes:  Changes since EA1 and other historical info.

    EXAMPLES ('examples' directory)

	The standard-examples application included with this distribution
	demonstrates the current capabilities of JSTL, exploring idioms
	and usage patterns when appropriate.

    REFERENCE IMPLEMENTATION ('src' and 'conf' directories)

	Every effort has been made to provide a functional, robust, and
	speedy reference implementation (RI) for the current functionality
	JSTL offers.  For developers, the code is commented thoroughly
	to help provide an understanding of design considerations and
	salient implementation details.

	Classes in the javax.servlet.jsp.jstl represent the current
	draft of the JSTL API classes.  Classes under org.apache.*
	represent the reference implementation, expected to be released
	through Jakarta Taglibs.  The package structure for the RI is
	organized as follows:

  org.apache.taglibs.standard
   .tag         tag handlers and routines related to them
      .common      handlers and support routines common for RT/EL attributes
          .core	   core library (common)
	  .fmt	   internationalization-capable formatting tags (common)
	  .xml	   XML manipulation library (common)
	  .sql	   SQL library (common)
      .el	   handlers specific to expression language (EL) evaluation
          .core	   core library (EL)
	  .fmt	   internationalization-capable formatting tags (EL)
	  .xml	   XML manipulation library (EL)
	  .sql	   SQL library (EL)
      .rt	   handlers specific to rtexprvalue (rt) evaluation
          .core	   core library (rt)
	  .fmt	   internationalization-capable formatting tags (rt)
	  .xml	   XML manipulation library (rt)
	  .sql	   SQL library (rt)
   .tei         TagExtraInfo classes (common to both libraries)
   .tlv		TagLibraryValidator classes (and associated helpers)
   .lang        expression-language support and implementation
      .dummy       dummy ExpressionEvaluator
      .support     ExpressionEvaluator, ExpressionEvaluatorManager
      .spel        SPEL
      .jpath	   JPath
      .jxpath      JXPath
      .javascript  ECMAScript (JavaScript/Rhino)

Enjoy!

  -- JSR-052 (JSTL) Expert Group
